or the girls, how are they doing?
we are the new recipe i am going to make
some macaroni with meat in my channel
I also have the recipe with meat from
can then is to record this
because to establish with common ground meat
we go with fresh meat that neither with the
I mean it's not from the dehesas and not
it's good meat in the little box
information below I will leave you to
how to make homemade tomato sauce
so I'm not going to explain it in this
video because if it would be very long then
but they puncture them there and there they go
directly sauce recipe as
come here I have some cherry tomatoes for
do it right now
on the other hand we will need macaroni and
in this case to use the types pens of
the island brand can use
I have bought any meat
beef and pork
of mercadona and in turn to the flesh
I'll take onion and garlic and oregano
that nothing for the bad guys to good guys
we have boiling water
with him his cousins
in 15 minutes always stirring for
that does not stick
about 10-15 minutes moments and here
I have the tomato sauce zulia
so let's hope it's done to
can crush now in a pan I've
put a little oil as you see very
little and nothing is already hot so
now I'm going to add
frying for meat that on the one hand
chopped chopped onion
because the meat would be a little
and it gives a taste
and we are going to add now
granites we are going to
adore the bugs
a little bit of back and forth and then
we add the both with this color
little gold so now I'm going to add the
meat that we previously gave it a
little hands so that it is not so
so whole
and I always recommend that you use a
beef cow mixture because the
always buy with pork
because that's even softer
market does not have a turkey chicken
very soft if you like the taste of
meat for better beef and pork but
let's leave it botany pretty
rich
Very gentleman
com
all good
and we're going to be a little glory
I have is here a little bit because you
gives
we do not leave it behind
It is a somewhat laborious but good dish
then the flavors for a day that
come to eat food have a
community that is not very complicated either
do
and at the same time well enough
we are not going to add here to simmer
and we're going around and now we're going to
pass the sauce that I have here and
the landlady is much healthier than the one
come in boats is much more tasty because
is that it is much more tasty is not it
the landlady herself to vote
sincerely and do not waste so much time
in doing it
the devotee is like more brute stronger and
it does not let you even taste what
you are going to eat nor do you know the same
we keep adding
I 'm pretty much done with some
a lot of tomato
because with a little bit then you have to
ah
even bonus
flick and villa
and we add the latest
we finished returning everything
Well, it is more liquid
and once we have the final point
where the flower starts to be
we turn off the room
and we went to throw on the we are going to
put the sauce
yes
we mix everything now
and well we would have ready the
macaroni with meat sar nothing else
simply here we already have it already
Plated as they see an exquisite pint
to eat and if you want, you can see
top grated cheese as you want and if
they do not eat it like that so nothing
I hope you liked these
recipes that put it into practice if it is
so they already tell me what they thought and
nothing I do not have in the next video a
kiss and see you later